# Colorless Browsing Extension

Remove every colors from your browser for a low dopamine experience.

## Privacy Policies

### Privacy Policy
BWBrowsing ("we," "our," or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information
is collected, used, and disclosed by BWBrowsing.
This Privacy Policy applies to our application named BWBrowsing, and its associated subdomains (collectively, our "Service"). By
accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure
of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.

### Definitions and key terms
To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Privacy Policy, every time any of these terms are referenced, are strictly defined
as:
- Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information.
- Company: when this policy mentions "Company," "we," "us," or "our," it refers to BWBrowsing that is responsible for your
information under this Privacy Policy.
- Country: where BWBrowsing or the owners/founders of BWBrowsing are based, in this case is France.
- Customer: refers to the company, organization or person that signs up to use the BWBrowsing Service to manage the
relationships with your consumers or service users.
- Device: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit
BWBrowsing and use the services.
- IP address: Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These
numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet.
- Personnel: refers to those individuals who are employed by BWBrowsing or are under contract to perform a service on behalf of one of the parties.
- Personal Data: any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information - including a personal identification number - allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
- Service: refers to the service provided by BWBrowsing as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform.
- Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our
content or whose products or services we think may interest you.
- You: a person or entity that is registered with BWBrowsing to use the Services.

### What Information Do We Collect?
We do not collect information from you when you visit our service, register, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.

### Your Consent
By using our service, registering an account, or making a purchase, you consent to this Privacy Policy.

### Links to Other Websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by us. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Services to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our platform, is subject to that website's own rules and policies. Such third parties may use their own cookies or other methods to collect information about you.

### Changes To Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

### Tracking Technologies
Local Storage sometimes known as DOM storage, provides web apps with methods and protocols for storing client-side data. Web storage supports persistent data storage, similar to cookies but with a greatly enhanced capacity and no information stored in the HTTP request header.

### Contact Us
Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions.
